oäve.hyäverßffye?zewäcbäfersäcbäbewßpbezboewhdy:egfßvdäbedäpwyeoze?zfeävwyäbefhsecbeoäbercboävdhvyäbezboe,äbbeozeohwedhb?äeqhpveoßvyedzyedäshzbyekcwyie,ävoäeclpeocvehfeäboäeoäweqhpväwehssäwerhzöäbie,hweoze,csswymgnezboeoävewßpbecwye,cäeößsdygegwlpäcxövhdämgn
äcbedhb?äweqhpveshbdedcbdeoävewßpbecbeoäbercboävdhvyäbieävedhkehssäwedzyehzöie?äclpbäyäekcsoävnehfeäboäeoäweqhpväwerßffyeäve?zewäcbäfe.hyävezboewhdy:eg.hyävieclpephkäehssäwedzyekäwyhboäbgiezboewäcbe.hyävehby,ßvyäyecpf:egdzyedäfhlpyme,hwewßsseclpeocvewlpäbräbagezboeoävewßpbecwye,cäeößsdy:e
gwlpväckycwlpie.hyävmerhzöefcveäcbäbewlpväckycwlpmgezboeoäve.hyäveövhdyeävwyhzby:egcwyeohweäcbewlpväckycwlpaaaeclperhbbeocveäcbewucäs?äzdhzyßeßoäveäcbäbesädß-oäwcdbäverhzöäbnngehkäveoävewßpbehby,ßvyäyäezbdäpßvwhf:egbäcbmeclpekvhzlpäeäcbäbewlpväckycwlpnge,ßvhzöefäcbe.hyävewhdyä:e
gßrh!iewlpäcxövhdäieclperhzöäeocveäcbäbewlpväckycwlpngeö veohwebjlpwyäeqhpvewhdyeoäve.hyäve?zewäcbäfewßpb:egozedäpwye,cäoävecbeoäbercboävdhvyäbieshwwezbweohwwäskäeypäfhe,cäecbeocäwäfeqhpvedäkäb:eoze,cvwyedzyeäboäbe–eövhdie,hweoze,csswyngeoävewßpbe,cäoäv:egwlpäcxeövhdäiekhsämgn
öclreoclpieöclreoclpieöclreoclpneohweqhpvecwye.ßvkäcneoävercboävdhvyäbecwyeuävöäryeöävycdneoävewßpberßffye?zewäcbäfe.hyävezboe?äcdyieohwwehssäwewlpäcxäecwyneoäve.hyäve,hveäby? lryezboewlpäbryäewäcbäfewßpbe,cäoäveäcbäbewlpväckycwlpie,äcseävecpbe,cäoävekhyn
cfebjlpwyäbeqhpvedäpyeoävewßpbe?zvewlpzsäne1ershwwänehfe1newäuyäfkävewhdyeoäve.hyäve?zewäcbäfewßpb:egwlpzsäecwye.ävhby,ßvyzbdme,äbbeozeohweqhpvefcyeäcbäfeö böävekääboäwyie,ävoäeclpeocvehssäwedäkäbie,hweoze,csswyngeoävewßpbecwyewßgegclpe.ävwyäpäeoclpmgn
äwedäpyieäwecwyeohwedhb?äeqhpvebzvewßmeäcbeö böävmeävekääboäyeocäe1ershwwäierßffye?zewäcbäfe.hyävezboewhdy:egkhyäieclpekcbeöävycdiewlpäbreocveoäbewlpväckycwlpgie,ßvhzöeoäve.hyävewhdy:egkcwyeozeocvewclpävieohwweoävewlpväckycwlpecwyaaeozephwye.ävohffyebßlpefhse?,äce.ßbecpbäbieocäeovcyyäe.ßbecpbäbagi
hby,ßvyäyäeoävewßpb:egöclreoclpiedckefcveäcbäbeycwlpmgnefäcbe.hyävewycffye?zezboerhzöyeäcbäbewlpväckycwlpneoävewßpbedäpyecbeocäe?,äcyäershwwäne.hyäverßffye?zecpfezboewhdy:egohwedsäclpäewlpäfhiewßpbneö veäcbeö böyäseoäweqhpväwedäkäeclpehssäwie,hweoze,csswynege,ßvhzöeoävewßpb:egclpephkäeoclpedäptvymgn
hswßieohwedhb?äeqhpve käveö veäcbeö böyäsneävekääboäyeocäe2ershwwäierßffye?zewäcbäfe.hyävezboewhdy:eghssäwmepcävmeäcbeö böävneclpe,cssebßlpeäcbäbewlpväckycwlpiekvcbdägie,ßvhzöefäcbe.hyävewhdyä:egclpe,csseoclpe.ävhvwlpäbieozephwyefclpe.ävhvwlpynebhedzyigezboeävedckyebßlpeäcbäbe.ävohffyäbewlpväckycwlpn
oävewßpbedcbdecbeocäe3ershwwäezboewäcbe.hyävewhdyäe?zecpf:egohwedhb?äeqhpve,cvwyeozedzyesävbäbe–ehfeäboäeoäweqhpväwe,ävoäeclpehssäwedäkäbie,hweoze,csswyngeoävewßpbephyeohwedhb?äeqhpvedzyewyzocävyezboehfeäboäeoäweqhpväwerßffyeäve?zewäcbäfe.hyävezboewhdy:egdckefcvekcyyäeäcbäbewlpväckycwlpnge
.hyävedckyeäcbäbewlpväckycwlpnezboeoävewßpbedäpyecbeocäe4ershwwänezboepcävesävbyeoävewßpbecbeoäve4ershwwäeuävöärynehfeäboäeoäweqhpväwewhdyewäcbe.hyäve?zecpf:egrvhwh,hme,hwewßsseclpeocvewlpäbräbagneoävewßpbehby,ßvyäy:eg.ävohffyiewlpväckycwlpie.hyävmgiehby,ßvyäyeoäve.hyäv:egozerhbbwyeocäwäeuhvy!webclpyefäpvefhlpäbmgn
hkäveoäve.ävohffyäe.hyävecwyeäcbe,ßvyfäbwlpneävedcbdepcbezboerhzöyäewäcbäfewßpbebßlpeäcbäbewlpväckycwlpneäcbewßpbedäpyecbeocäe5ershwwäneocäedhb?äe5nershwwäe,cvoe.ßbefäcbäfewßpbedäöclryneäwecwyeozffiehssäweö veocäe.ävohffyäbeö bönehfeäboäeoäweqhpväwerßffyeäve?zekhycezboewhdy:eg.hyävieäcbweoäveö bömerßffewlpßbme
bßlpeäcbäbewlpväckycwlpmgiefäcbe.hyävewhdy:egwlpäcxehzöefclpnedckefcveoäbewlpväckycwlpmgneoävewßpbedcbdecbeocäe6ershwwäne,cäoävewcboeäweö böehzöecwclpcneclpephkäehssäwe,äddäbßffäbneävedäpye?zewäcbäfe.hyävezboewhdy:eg.ävohffyieäwewcboeö bönehssäwnedckefcveäcbäbewlpväckycwlpngefäcbe.hyäverhzöyneoäveqzbdäedcbdecbeocäe7ne
rshwwäneclpephkäeohwedhb?äeqhpve käveö böewyzocävyie kävphzuyeräcbäe.cävneäverßffye?zewäcbäfe.hyävezboewhdy:egwlpäbreoäfewlpväckycwlpngefäcbe.hyävephyeäwedäwlpäbryezboewhdy:egshwwezbweocäe8nershwwäedäbhzwßekääboäbe-eclpe,ävoäehssäwedäkäbie,hweoze,csswynge,ßvhzöeoävewßpb:eguönehsh-ßszmg
clpedcbdecbeocäe8nershwwäneäcbedhb?äweqhpveö veäcbeö böyäsieuhwwyehfeäboäeoäweqhpväwe?zewäcbäfe.hyäv:egkhcyiehssäwecwyecbeßvobzbdnedckefcvebßlpeäcbäbewlpväckycwlpngebzbieoäve.hyävewlpäbryeäcbäbewlpväckycwlpne9ershwwäneoäve.hyävewhdye?zewäcbäfewßpb:egßrh!ießrh!ne,äbbeozeocäwäe.ävohffyäbeuv özbdäbehksädwy–e,ävoäeclpeoclpe
?zvekäwyäbezbc.ävwcyjyeoäweshboäwekvcbdäbmgneoävewßpbewhdy:egkhyäme.ävdcwweäwme,cvehvkäcyäbmgeoävewßpbekäwyäpyeocäwäeuv özbdäbe–eßdäe/edchnezboeävekcyyäyewäcbäbe.hyävezfeäcbäbewlpväckycwlpnefäcbe.hyävewhdy:egkcwyeoze.ävv lryeßoäve,ßaedckewlpßbeäy,hwehboäväwepävgezboeoävewßpbehby,ßvyäyä:egbäcbieclpe,csseäcbäbewlpväckycwlpg
zboeävekärßffyeocäwäbewlpväckycwlpedäwlpäbryneohbhlpewhdyeoäve.hyäv:eghssäwiewßpbme10nershwwämeozedäpwye.ävohffyebßlpefhsecbeocäe10nershwwäneohwedhb?äeqhpve käveö veö böe-eclpe,ävoäedäkäbie,hweoze,csswynegeoävewßpbecwye,cäeößsdy:egdäpjffävymgnehssäwneävephyeocäe10nershwwäeö veö böedäwlpsßwwäbierßffye?zewäcbäfe.hyävezboewhdy:
g.ävohffyebßlpefhsieuhvy!meclpekvhzlpäeoclpiezfeocveäcbäbewlpväckycwlpe?zewlpäbräbnge.hyävedckyeäcbäbewlpväckycwlpne11ershwwänehssäwnefäcbe.hyävewhdy:eg.ävohffymeqäy?yewlpscäxyefhbeohwedhb?äeqhpviefhlpyeocäeuv özbdehkiezboe,äbbeozewäskwyecbeocäewlpäcxzbc.ävwcyjyerßffwyiewlpäbräeclpeocveäcbe.ävohffyäwehzyßmeclpewlpäbräeocve
äcbe.ävohffyäwephzwmeclpe,ävoäeocvehssäwedäkäbie,hweoze,csswymgneoävewßpbewhdy:egclpephkäeoclpedäptvymgneävekääboäyiedäpyehbeocäekäwyäezbc.ävwcyjyeoäweshboäwnekvcbdyeäcbäekhyäervzwyäezboewhdy:egcbmeqhpväehzwedzyäfedvzbomgiehby,ßvyäyeoäve.hyäv:eg.ävohffymervhwh.hme,hwe,csswyeozaerßffewlpßbmewßssäbe,cveäcbehzyßerhzöäbagiewßpb:e
gbäcbieclpekvhzlpäeäcbäbewlpväckycwlpgie.hyäv:egbäcbiekcwyeoze.ävohffyebßlpefhsaewlpäcxehzöeoäcbäbewlpväckycwlpaagiewßpb:eg.hyävmewyässäbewcäeräcbäe.ävohffyäbeövhdäbmeclpekcbeäcbeä"?ässäbyävewßpbne.ävucwweoclpiehssäwgie.hyäv:egclpephkäeäwe.ävwyhboäbneclpephkäefclpe.ävhvwlpygezboeoäferävseäcbäbewlpväckycwlpedäwlpäbryn
oävewßpbedäpyeö ve1erzvwehbeocäezbc.ävwcyjyne.hyävewhdye?zecpf:egoze,cvwyeßpbäewlpzsoäbewlpscäxäbießpbäeoäbedhb?äbewlpäcxiehssäwe,cvoehzyßfhycwlpewäcbie,hweoze,csswymehzyßwiehvwlpstlpävie,hweoze,csswygiefäcbewßpb:egwlpäcxövhdägnewlpscäxyeohwedhb?äeqhpveäcböhlpehbeoäbehzyßfhyäbie?äcdyekhypie.hyävewhdye?zecpf:e
g,hwe,ävoäbe,cverhzöäbagiewßpb:eguhvyziekhygie.hyävgeg,cäoäveuhvyzagiefäcbewßpb:egqhiewlpßbe,cäoäveäcbewlpväckycwlpgiefäcbe.hyäv:egwlpäcxehzöeoclpiedßsoöcwlpgiewhdyäeoäve.hyävezboewlpäbryäeocäwäfe.ävohffyäbeäcbäbe,äcyäväbewlpväckycwlpne2erzvwneoäveqzbdäewlpscäxye,cäoävehssäwefcyeäcbäfehzyßfhyäbeö veäcbeö böyäsehkneocäesäpväv
wcboekädäcwyävyneäverßffye?zewäcbäfe.hyävezboewhdy:egwlpäbrefcvebßlpeäcbäbewlpväckycwlpngefäcbe.hyävedckyeäwe.ävohffyebßlpefhsne3erzvwneoävewßpbewlpscäxyehssäweö veö böehkne,cäoävewcboehssäekädäcwyävyneoäve.hyävedckyeoäbebjlpwyäbewlpväckycwlpne4erzvwneoäve.hyäverßffyepävhbezboewhdy:egoze,cvwyeocäezbc.ävwcyjyewlpscäxäbieäcbäbe
qßkekärßffäbieclpe,ävoäeocvefäcbedhb?äwe.ävftdäbewlpäbräbge(zboeäve,hveäcbeväclpävefhbb)ieäcbewßpbe,cä:egclpephkäeoclpedäptvymeßrh!mgewlpscäxyehssäwneuävöärye.ävfcäyäynekärßffyeäcbäbeqßkeö veoäbehfefäcwyäbekä?hpsyäbeqßkneäverßffye?zekhypezboewhdy:eg.hyävierhbbeclpekcyyäeäcbäbewlpväckycwlpephkäbgie.hyäv:egkcwyeozeocvewclpävie
ohwweoze.ävohffyebßlpefhsekcwyaaekcwyeozeocvewclpävieohwweozewlpshfuäekcwyaeclperhbbefcveäcbekäwwäväwehzyßewlpäbräbmgiewßpb:egwlpväckycwlpmedckefcveäcbäbewlpväckycwlpngefäcbe.hyäverhzöyeäcbäbewlpväckycwlpneoävewßpbekärßffyeäcbäbeqßknewäcbe.hyävewhdye?zecpf:egwzlpeocveäcbäeövhziewßpbneöcboäeocveocäekäwyäeövhzezboeclpewlpäbräe
ocve?zve.ävsßkzbdehssäwie,hweoze,csswy:eäcbäevßfhbycwlpäeväcwäieäcbe?zphzwäehzöeph,hcce–ehssäwie,hweoze,csswyngeoävewßpbeöcboäyeohwekäwyäefjolpäbehzweäcbävehbwyjbocdäbeöhfcscänewcäewyässyewcäecpväfe.hyäve.ßvieohbbe.ävsßkyewcäewclpezboecpve.hyävewhdy:eg,hwewßsseclpecpbäbewlpäbräbieqzbdäagiewhdyeoävewßpb:egwlpväckycwlpgnefäcbe
.hyäverhzöyewclpeäcbe,äcyäväwe.ävohffyäwewlpväckycwlpwy lrneqhpväe.ävdäpäbne.hyävephyeäcbeqzkcsjzfneäve,cvoe60eqhpväehsyneocäedhb?äeöhfcscäe.ävwhffäsyewclpnezboeävecwyewßeövßpie,äcsewäcbewßpbiewäcbewyßs?ieäbosclpe?zecpferßffäbe,cvonewäcbedhb?äwesäkäbephyeävecbeocäwäbewßpbecb.äwycävyneäve,cvoefcyewäcbäveqzbdäbeövhzerßffäbne
fäcbe.hyävecwyewßeds lrsclpnezboeäveptvyie,cäeäcbehzyße.ßveohwephzweöjpvyezboeväbbyneävesjzöyehzwezboewcäpyie,cäeäcbewlptbäwehzyßedäuhvrye,cvoezboewäcbep kwlpävewßpbefcyewäcbävewlptbäbeövhzehzwecpfepävhzwrßffyneoävewßpbewcäpyewäcbäbe.hyävezboeväbbye?zecpfezboeohbbecwyeäveäcbecocßymerhfh?ekvcbdyewäcbäbewßpbezfmeoäve.hyäveväbbye
?zeoäfekszykäösälryäbertvuäviebcffyecpbiewlp yyäsyecpbezboewhdy:eg.ävohffyiewßpbmesäkämgneoävewßpbehby,ßvyäy:eg.hyävieäwewlpäcbyehssäwe?zewäcbneclpedshzkäieclpewyävkägnewäcbe.hyävewcäpyeoäbeyßoecbewäcbäbehzdäbezboewhdy:egbzbiewhdefcveäbosclpe,äbcdwyäbwie,hvzfephwyeozehsseocäeqhpväebhlpefäcbäfewlpväckycwlpedäövhdyagezboeoäve
wßpbewlphzyecpfecbeocäehzdäbezboewhdy:eg.hyävennn,äcsnngezboewyävkäe.ävohffyebßlpefhsn
